Added a new ISSUE TEMPLATE for Portfolio Review (#1256)
EddieHubCommunity/support: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/portfolio-review.md

---
name: Portfolio Review
about: Please review my Portfolio on a live stream
title: '[REVIEW]'
labels: portfolio review
assignees: ''
---

**Please ensure that you dont have any personal details in your Portfolio that you dont want to share publicly.**

Portfolio link: 

> You can also join the discord community [here](https://discord.com/invite/jZQs6Wu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also join the discord community [here](http://discord.eddiehub.org)
```
Maybe we can use the sub-domian link here, since that would almost always work.
